feat(provider)!: remove support for python2 and python3.[3-6] (#17222)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	nudged to fit on the screen.

						*'pyxversion'* *'pyx'*
'pyxversion' 'pyx'	number	(default 3)
			global
	Specifies the python version used for pyx* functions and commands

> 	|python_x|.  As only python3 is supported in this version,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	|python_x|.  As only Python 3 is supported,
```
